Question:
Suppose you have deployed your application using a deployment controller. Assume the initial number of replicas is one. Write the steps needed to update a container's image using deployment, making sure that there is zero downtime.

My Ans:
	In deployment controller, there is one strategy component which has  Rolling Updates mechanism which means that	
	we can update the running version of the app. This transition from old image to new image will happen in Step 2 
	after firing the "patch deployment" command and also with this command, a new replica set with the updated 
	container image will start creating and by the time it gets all transaction will happen through the old replica set.
	Once the new replica set starts running, the old one will be terminated and hence we achieve the zero downtime. 
	
	It is also because of this and deployment controller that once 
	the new replica set being created with updated image start 
	
	So, in order to update the containers image with zero downtime , we can have the foloowing steps:
	
	1. Check for running Pods , service and deployment process using the commans below:
		a. #kubectl get pods
		b. #kubectl get service
		c. #kubctl get deloy.
		
	2. We can note the container and app name for which image update is going to be done. 
	   Now , we can add a small time i.e overlop time between the update image is being replaced by the 
	   previous one. 
		
		#kubectl patch deployment <app name mentioned in yaml file>  -p '{"spec": {"minReadySeconds": 10}}'
     Note: 10 in the above command is the number of seconds.
		
	3. We can fire the below command to make the update image to come into effect.
		Below command will create a new replica set with update image and once it starts running the previous	
		replica set will go in the termination state
	
		#kubectl set image deployment <app name mentioned in yaml file>  <containerName>=<update image name>
		
	4. We can check the transition of the state of the replica set after firing the command in set 3 using below command
		#kubectl get rs	
	
